We need to enable the paywall and it connect via Stripe throughout the entire site on the homepage as well as making sure that when a user sign up for a pro or authority plan, those particular plans send the correct payment transaction through Stripe. It also needs to enable access. Designated users can have access using the login.Give me an option on the user section of the founder dashboard to enable lifetime access or to enable a pro or an authority login for specific users that are currently logged in. Also, on the View Results tab within the Founder Dashboard, it needs to be fully functional to be able to see active ongoing campaigns and their current status. Also, within the Dashboard for the Authority and the Pro Plan, I need to be able to, where it says Powered by Advanced Analytics, the Analytics functionality needs to be fully implemented. It needs to pull accurate and current data from the specified video, remove all unnecessary information and tabs that no longer apply to the current app concept. On the section that says View Full Report within the Dashboard, it should also open up a window that enables you to view the current active campaign reports, and you select what campaign you're trying to view reports on. So, that should be removed and be part of the Title Tests that are below. Also, on TitleTesterPro.com backslash login, remove the Production Ready Connect with your YouTube account to start optimizing your video titles section. Green box, remove that. It should just be Connect with Google, and from there, the system should be able to verify if you have a paid account, either the Pro or the Authority. Free accounts should no longer have access to the system. Within the Founder Dashboard, the Platform Overview should have simplified information from all updates that has taken place. Everything within the User section within the Founder Dashboard should be fully functional. The Active Tests section, I should have the option to cancel and remove tests, and find a healthy use within the Settings section to give the Founder more control over information, and also a tab for Security to make sure user information site security is fully protected using the latest and greatest options, and double-check everything using CLAWD to make sure everything is accurate and built to current 2025 UX UI standards.