organize my thoughts of creative flow so my AI Agent best captures my vision: The system should cycle through the different options of titles. On the dashboard screen, you only have three options when you have five selected different titles. The title screens should function as carousels that you can cipher through different title options. It should have accurate CTR data as the system still has the wrong CTR data that doesn't actually reflect what's being output from YouTube. So, for instance, a thumbnail test, for instance, a title test is being ran currently. It's been running for three hours, but the system has only cycled through one title when it has five for this particular test that is set at 30-minute intervals. For the duration that that particular title is being used, it needs to collect that statistical analytical data that's provided and compare it to the other titles. At the end of the full test, it should give you a breakdown of accurate data on what titles performed the best. It also should collect information on did the users view longer with that particular title. That information should be best represented in addition to the CTR. You should have the option to cancel out particular titles that aren't performing well, so you can better narrow it down if you wanted that option. The progress report should reflect how much time has been running and the overall concept. It should show the numbers down. The option of confidence percentage needs to be removed. It doesn't really make sense for the overall concept. The dashboard could be more modernized, clean. The background could be white, and the Thumbnail Tester Dashboard should contrast against the white nicely and easy on the eyes, aesthetically pleasing. The View Results section should be more intuitive. The options at the top where it says active test, active test, active test, active test, total views, average CTR, completed test, and the percentages that are at the top right of it should reflect actual percentages of growth or none. You should have the option to cycle through different YouTube profiles. So, it should also be an option to generate different titles using AI, and you should be able to give the system input on how to be creative with the titles, and the system should use Claude to generate titles suggestions, and once you click that suggestion, it should auto-populate within the title options, give a max. I would like a cleaner UX UI. Of the system dashboard. I like what we have. I think it's best to improve upon what we currently have, and provide me with suggestions on how to make the user interface better.

