The homepage isn't showing up anymore on titletesterpro.com. this needs to be fixed and all buttons functional. the content on the page should display a deep understanding on the subject matter but created and crafted for youtube content creators simplicity. When you click Launch New Test and the video starts loading up to be selected, there's an error 500 code. I'm including an attachment for that. The video should be able to load up completely. The rotation intervals should remove 15 minutes and 30 minutes from the selection tools. I want to make sure that when the user logs in with their YouTube account that they're able to pull their designated YouTube account. Because, inside of my account, it says Machine Kulture TV, but it's actually kasey vs the internet youtube channel which use the same email account. So, for whatever reason, this system isn't recognizing my actual YouTube channel, but it's recognizing the old name that I had for when I created this YouTube Gmail account. It makes sense of that logic and what's going on here.  All files or folders that used the term "user" should be moved over to "account" as we shifted away from the term user. make sure to go deeper into code functionality.I'm not sure if that has any significance to the things that are going on, but it needs to show the actual YouTube channel that content is being pulled from within the account profile, and not the Google account info.When I log in using my account, it says authentication error and it has some words below it on the Gmail screen, but it opens up the dashboard so fast that I can't read it. This also needs to be solved and debugged. I'm not sure if the authentication, the OAuthentication, even though it's passing, is working, is limiting what can be pulled in terms of the YouTube video showing up. I don't know, but the YouTube... One moment the YouTube video shows up, a bunch of times it does, a bunch of times it doesn't. I'm not sure how all these tools are working in conjunction with each other, but they need to work like a symphony. It needs to be a well-oiled machine, the way everything flows together. Give me more insight in this prompt to make this into the perfect prompt to serve, to solve granular issues.


